Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
INSTRUCTOR 1:
Let's go! Move it!
(TRAINEES PANTING)
TRAINEE 1:
50 more yards!
INSTRUCTOR 1:
All right. let's go!
Pick it up!
Let's go!
TRAINEE 2: Yes. sir!
INSTRUCTOR 1:
You're running
out of time. Bryant!
INSTRUCTOR 2:
Make it all the way
around the track! Come on!
INSTRUCTOR 3:
You want to be troopers?
You better move it!
INSTRUCTOR 4:
All right. next. get up here!
Let's hit it now.
Dean. come on!
DRILL INSTRUCTOR:
All right. You've all
completed the written exam.
However. you must now
pass the obstacle course
to be admitted into
the training program.
And remember.
survive this.
and you're on the front lines
of keeping New Jersey safe.
(PANTING)
(GRUNTING)
(GROANS)
(GRUNTS)
Yeah.
(PANTING)
(GRUNTS)
(GROANS)
(SNORING)
(PANTING)
(SIGHS)
(CONTINUES SNORING)
Sorry about the test. Dad.
We all have our crosses
to bear. sweetheart.
Mine is named
hypoglycemia.
Well. that's why you
always have to have
sugar nearby.
Are you gonna have pie?
Not tonight. Ma.
I'm just kidding.
Yeah. I'm gonna
want some pie.
(BOTH CHUCKLING)
You...
No. I meant now. Ma.
Get the pie now.
Okay.
You said it.
and I just kind
of got that stuck
in my head now.
and can't really
get it out. Pie.
(CHUCKLING)
Here we go.
It really helps heal.
And. you know.
not always.
but sometimes.
you gotta do like
the kids say. and
just say. "Whatever."
Kids don't talk like that.
Some do. sweetheart.
The older ones. okay?
I hear them in the mall.
You know?
(SIGHS)
Peanut butter.
It just fills the
cracks of the heart.
(IN SINGSONG VOICE)
Go away. pain.
What?
Paulie.
Oh. no. Come on. Ma.
I'm not ready
for this right now.
Dad.
Please.
We just don't want
to see you go through
another holiday alone.
But I'm not alone.
I've got you two.
You know?
And besides.
Black Friday's coming.
so my dance card's
gonna be pretty full.
What? It's the busiest
shopping day of the year.
Yeah. I should have
known better than to try
to explain it to civilians.
I wish I had
a coworker here. like.
"Tyler. hey. You know.
Black Friday's coming."
"Gee. Paul.
you don't have to tell me
Black Friday's coming.
"Why do you think I've
been walking around here
"with the eyes of an eagle?"
We prepare.
Dad. what does
all that have to do
with being happy for
the rest of your life?
You said. and I quote.
"If I don't have
a girlfriend by November.
"I'll let you sign me up
for perfectmatch.com."
That was last year.
Okay.
MOM: Here we are.
"What are you looking
for in a woman?"
(SIGHING) Well.
your mother certainly
had something special.
Yeah. illegal
immigrant status.
She married you.
got citizenship.
and then she left us.
That's not entirely true.
We did have some good times
back when she was still
trying to trick me.
Well. I hate her.
Well. you shouldn't.
She gave me you.
I am pretty great.
You are. You are.
Okay. next question.
"Tell us about yourself."
(SIGHING)
Let's see.
I know a lot about sharks.
Let me stop you
right there.
(SIGHING) Well-built
and a great hugger.
Awesome. Grandma.
Not as awesome as this.
What are you doing?
Beefing up your profile
with that nifty video
that you made
a few years back.
Ma. no.
(ROCK MUSIC PLAYING)
PAUL: I don't know.
Don't you think
it's a little too.
"Hey. look at me"?
MOM: Well. that is
exactly what we want.
Eyes on the prize.
And don't worry.
I will edit out
the sweaty parts.
(MR. BLUE SKY PLAYING)
♪ Sun is shinin' in the sky
♪ There ain't a cloud in sight
♪ It's stopped rainin'
♪ Everybody's in a play
♪ And don't you know
♪ It's a beautiful
new day. hey ♪
(DOG BARKING)
Dear God!
(BARKING)
Hey! Back away
from the vehicle.
Oh. dear God. Please.
Chompers. get down!
(THUDS)
(DOG WHIMPERS)
(HUMMING)
(PEOPLE CHATTERING)
Hey. you know
where a men's room is?
I do. You're gonna want
to go to Lord and Taylor.
They got 12 stalls
and heated seats.
(CHILDREN LAUGHING)
Okay. keep the balls
in the pit. kids. Kids!
Okay. my lip is numb.
(CRYING)
All righty.
There you go.
Thank you.
(THUDS)
MAN: (CHUCKLING) Hey.
WOMAN: (CHUCKLING) Whoa.
MAN: Yeah. I know.
(GRUNTING)
(CHUCKLING) That's not
supposed to be here.
It's a minivan.
RADIO ANNOUNCER:
...he can't handle it.
The puck travels
to the far board...
He keeps the play alive.
(SIGHS)
Paul!
Hey.
What is this?
That's my report on
how to ease traffic
flow from Macy's
down through
the specialty shops.
How's that working
out for you?
Actually.
it's for all of us.
You see. if we could
reroute the customers
away from the food court.
it's gonna help
the kiosks and cut down
on shopper frustration.
It's your classic two-bird.
one-stone scenario.
(SNORES)
Can I ask you
something?
Anything.
Why can't you just
punch in. shut up
and punch out
like the rest of us?
Safety never
takes a holiday.
Did your mom crochet
that on a pillow?
BROOKS: Blart.
This is Sims.
He's a new trainee.
Let him trail you today.
Hey. Paul Blart.
Ten-year veteran.
Wow. Veck Sims.
Well. Veck Sims.
welcome to the show.
Let's mount up.
Oh. yeah.
That's the good stuff.
That's it.
Treat her gentle. son.
Slap it. honor it.
So what made you want
to pursue security?
Um...
I never finished high school.
This is all I could get.
Yeah. I'm currently
working on becoming
a state trooper. myself.
Right now.
I'm goose egg for eight.
Hypoglycemia.
Confusing. right?
Cut yourself some slack.
My first week riding
on the job. I got lost
behind the Sears.
They found me later
in the fetal position.
sporting a full beard.
(CHUCKLES)
I'm kidding.
I can't grow a beard.
My uncle can. Stay snug.
Now. in the event
that you approach
an assailant.
here's what
I want you to do.
You're gonna pull up.
left hip forward.
placing your right hand
on your away hip thusly.
giving the illusion
that you have a gun.
Which. of course.
we both know
you don't.
Okay? But you know
what we do have?
(SHOUTING) Our voices!
We have our voices.
If you remember one thing
from today. it's this.
The mind is the only weapon
that doesn't need a holster.
Right. Awesome.
How long do we
get for lunch?
Half hour. But I eat in 20.
which leaves me five minutes
for social time.
five minutes
to get refocused.
Whoa. We got a high roller.
(SIREN BLARES)
Sir. I'm gonna need you
to pull to the right.
Please pull to the side.
sir. Out of traffic.
Tan jacket. red scooter.
please pull to the right.
out of traffic.
Sir.
Thank you.
Driving kind
of recklessly
back there. sir.
You're kidding.
I don't joke about
shopper safety.
I'm afraid I'm gonna have
to issue you a citation.
Gonna need your first
and last. Last first.
Sir. Sir. Sir. sir. sir.
Please don't make this
more difficult than
it needs to be. okay?
Are you able to...
Sir. Sir! Sir.
I am warning you. sir.
You're pushing it.
Sir. Sir.
I am warning... Sir.
Sir. Sir. Sir.
Okay.
This is adding up. sir.
He'll be back.
PAUL: Hey.
Hi. Do you need something?
Yes. I'd like to
welcome you to our mall.
Well. thank you.
Is there something else?
Yeah. Yeah. yeah.
Just looking for
some hair extensions.
Need a little more
volume up top.
Do you do men?
Do you do men hair?
On the men?
Are you the guy
that crashed
into the minivan?
I don't think so.
Which one?
Well. that one.
That one right there.
Yeah. That one. yes. That...
You know. that one was me.
Oh. wow. Are you okay?
Oh. yeah. Never better.
Although they're docking
the paycheck pretty good.
(BOTH CHUCKLING)
Yeah.
You know what
you should do?
You should get
the security tape.
and then. like. sell it
to one of those shows.
you know. where people
crash into stuff.
Hello. early retirement.
Yeah. right?
Volume. Right. let me
just see what I've got.
Yeah. this is Blart.
If you need me.
I'm over by the kiosks.
SECURITY GUARD:
Who is this?
It's Officer Blart.
reporting from Sector 5.
What the hell are you
bothering me for?
Just a Code B check.
What a moron.
You know. I'll check
in with them later.
It's pretty intense.
Oh. right. yeah.
Life of a security guard.
(LAUGHING)
(CHUCKLING) What. what?
No. it's just that
you said security guard.
and it's perfectly
acceptable...
I'm so sorry
if I called you
the wrong thing.
No. no. no. no.
You did fine. you know?
It's just that
there's a huge.
huge controversy
brewing in the industry
right now.
whether the title should be
Security Guard or Officer.
I'm sure you heard
about it.
I didn't.
You will. You're gonna.
But I'm sure I will.
It's out there.
So. you all set for
the busiest shopping
day of the year?
Yeah. right.
And the worst day
for a birthday.
This year. it falls
on a Black Friday.
which means I probably
won't even get a card.
Everyone's
too busy shopping.
You know what?
Yeah. Autumn Ash.
Yeah.
I think that's your color.
I think this'll work.
It's a winner.
So that's $9.95.
$9.95?
Yeah.
Wow.
At those prices.
now you got me
thinking ponytail.
(BOTH CHUCKLING)
All right. Thank you.
Thank you.
Mmm-hmm.
Right. So there you go.
Okay.
And. there you go.
Thank you. Amy.
Thank you. Officer Blart.
Hey. Blart.
Wow. nice shirt.
You went
with a medium?
It's a bit formfitting.
but that's 'cause we're
required to wear protective
vests under our...
No. Not buying it. No.
'Cause I don't see any vest
underneath here. so...
No. but it's a thick T-shirt.
Basically like a thermal
they have you wear.
Nope. Nope. No.
(CHUCKLING)
I don't understand
why you're laughing.
I just called you fat.
I'm not laughing.
(CHUCKLING)
Yeah. whatever. Amy.
Hey. everyone's going
to American Joe's tonight.
and I want to
see you there.
Okay? We're gonna split
some onion strings.
Wow. Wow.
Good.
Good hang.
Wow. yeah. That's great.
Hey. Blart. they need you
at Victoria's Secret.
Okay. roger that.
Okay. I gotta go.
Okay. Bye.
I found it first.
No. you didn't.
Ladies. Problem.
What's the genesis?
She's trying to take
the last push-up bra
in this size.
There's gonna be
a new shipment tomorrow.
They'll be here by noon.
Well. I need this one now.
I have a date tonight.
Really? Is he blind?
(GASPS)
Whoa! Waterproof shoes
and Baggies on the socks.
Not my first rodeo.
Okay. ladies.
need to see some ID.
No. you don't.
Ma'am. I should warn you.
I do have the authority
to make a citizen's arrest.
So does anyone.
I could arrest you
right now.
That's true. She could.
Hey. not talking
to you. Okay?
Can I see you
for a second.
please. ma'am?
(EXCLAIMING)
Look. I understand
your sensitivity.
I've had some issues
with weight myself.
(SNORTS)
Are you calling me fat?
No. No. no. no. no.
I'm just saying I've
been down that road.
I mean... I mean.
I'm still on it.
We both are. you know?
Stranded.
Let's face it. we eat
to fill a void. right?
But as soon as I started
eating healthier.
I noticed
I wasn't so moody.
And PS. your skin's
gonna clear up.
Can you hold onto these?
Sure.
(GRUNTS)
Ma'am.
(GRUNTING)
(CLATTERING)
(YELLS)
(GRUNTING)
You...
She's got tremendous
upper body strength.
Backup! Backup!
She's biting my neck.
Backup!
(GRUNTING)
(SCREAMS)
Backup! Backup!
(YELLS)
Look. I know you're
new here and all.
but "backup" seems like
a pretty universal term.
(RADIO CHATTERING)
(I CAN'T HOLD BACK PLAYING)
♪ There's a story in my eyes
♪ Turn the pages of desire
♪ Now it's time
to trade those dreams
♪ For the rush
of passion's fire
♪ I can feel you
tremble when we touch
♪ And I feel
the hand of fate
♪ Reaching out
to both of us
♪ I've been holding
back the night
♪ I've been searching
for a clue from you
♪ I'm gonna try
with all my might
♪ To make this
story line come true
Hey. Can I give
you a lift?
(CHUCKLING)
What. on that?
With an inexperienced driver
I would recommend no.
but with me.
you'll be as safe
as the President.
I don't know.
Couldn't that
get you fired?
Yes. it could.
Okay.
♪ And I feel the hand of fate
♪ Reaching out to both of us
Is this all right?
Absolutely.
♪ Turn the pages of desire
♪ I can't hold back.
I'm on the edge
♪ I can't hold back
♪ Your voice explodes
inside my head
♪ I can't hold back.
I won't back down
♪ Girl it's too late
to turn back now
♪ I can feel you tremble
when we touch
♪ And I feel the hand of fate
♪ Reaching out to both of us
♪ This love affair can't wait
♪ I can't hold back
♪ I can't hold back ♪
And here you go.
Safe and sound.
'65 Mustang.
Yeah.
Fun fact for you.
a lot of people think
the Mustang was named
after the horse.
It was actually named
after the P-51 Mustang.
Oh.
That's a plane.
(STAMMERS)
I didn't know that.
(BOTH CHUCKLING)
Well. thank you
for the ride. Paul.
That was so much fun.
No problem.
(CLEARS THROAT)
Listen.
if you ever. you know.
need rides anywhere.
Dispatch. they can
get me. You know.
Or we could just
text each other.
Yeah.
Yeah. give me
your cell phone.
(STAMMERING) My cell?
Yeah. and I'll punch
my number in.
Oh...
Left it in the casuals.
You know what?
Just give me your number
and I'll remember it.
Okay. Ready?
Yep.
All right. 555...
Not yet. Just...
(LAUGHS)
Now I'm ready.
555...
...01...
...78.
Eight. Got it.
That's it. It's locked.
Great. so I'll see you
tonight at American Joe's.
right?
Yeah. I mean.
everybody's
going. so...
Yeah.
...why not me. too?
I'll be...
Yeah. I'm there.
(CHUCKLING)
Great. Bye.
Okay. Bye.
♪ Heard it from a friend who
♪ Heard it from another
you been messin' around
♪ They say you got a boyfriend
♪ You're out late
every weekend
♪ They're talkin' about you
and it's bringin' me down
♪ But I know the neighborhood
♪ And talk is cheap
when the story is good
♪ And the tales grow
taller on down the line
(MOUTHING) Hi.
♪ But I'm telling you. babe
♪ That I don't think
it's true. babe
♪ And even if it is
keep this in mind
♪ You take it
on the run baby
♪ If that's the way
you want it baby
♪ Then I don't
want you around ♪
Hey.
AMY: Hey! Hey.
Glad you made it. Paul.
(CHUCKLES)
Good to be here.
Fun fact for you...
This place sucks.
You want to
get out of here?
No.
I'm sorry.
what were you saying?
No. I was just saying
that the first American
Joe's actually opened
its doors in 1972.
And most people.
because of its
service and theme.
think that it's derivative
of Abe and Louie's.
but it's not.
(CHUCKLES)
It's its own thing.
(AMY CHUCKLES)
You really know
a lot of facts. Paul.
Hey. Blart. I heard you
got your ass handed to you
by a fat chick
at Victoria's Secret.
Well. I don't hit women.
so I don't even know what...
Yeah. Just minivans. right?
Hey. why don't you
go over to the bar
and grab yourself one
of those girly drinks?
I'll meet you
over there.
Okay. Does anybody
else want a drink?
'Cause Stuart's buying.
No. no. no. They're
good. They're good.
So... They're good.
Okay.
Hey. listen. I...
We're basically
already together.
so...
I wasn't... I didn't
even realize that.
And I was... I wouldn't...
Doing anything.
Yeah.
I just want you
to grab a hold
of it. tight.
Okay?
I got it.
I mean. it's not like you
really had a chance. okay?
Security guard? Really.
(VECK CHUCKLES)
But you're a pen
salesman. dude.
Yeah. and I just
bought a Camry.
so you can eat me.
(SCOFFS) All right. bro.
Back off.
You know. we're all
just here having fun.
Okay. bro.
What?
Hey. thanks for getting
my back there. brother.
Security blood
runs deep between...
Yeah. let's just go.
(CROWD APPLAUDING)
Round six.
Let's do this thing.
Gentlemen ready?
No.
(GRUNTS)
Not yet.
Now I'm ready. Okay.
And. go!
VIJAY: Leon. I can't
give you the Heimlich.
so you better chew.
I know.
Told you. boy.
You better hurry up.
There you go.
Nachos in my face.
Oh. my God.
These peppers.
The peppers are hot.
Oh. my God.
Oh. that's a hot pepper.
Nachos are good. man.
Better inform all
your friends. boy.
Nachos about to be gone.
You're lagging behind.
Come on. Paul.
Playing games.
(GROANS)
I love these nachos.
I'll tell you that much.
That lemonade is insane.
Yeah. Paul.
That's because
it's a margarita.
No. I don't drink.
(RUNAWAY PLAYING)
♪ On the street where
you live girls talk about
their social lives
♪ They're made of lipstick.
plastic and paint. a touch
of sable in their eyes
♪ All your life all
you've asked when's your
daddy gonna talk to you
♪ You were living
in another world trying
to get your message through
♪ No one heard
a single word you said
Twist it.
Feel the nub.
Hey. you want some? Here.
Yeah.
(BARKS)
(CHUCKLES)
You want fruit?
♪ Ooh. she's a little runaway
♪ A different line
every night guaranteed...
Bye! You blinked!
You blinked.
Time to pluck
the grape from the vine.
(CLATTERING)
Still got the Baggies!
Hot jiggity.
Coming on the left.
(GRUNTS)
(GAGS)
(LAUGHS) False alarm.
Ow!
♪ You know she likes
the lights at night on
the neon Broadway signs ♪
Told my mom
everything about us.
What are you
talking about?
(CHUCKLING)
You're acting coy.
Come on. It's natural.
(CHUCKLING)
You know. You so know.
No. I'm sorry. Paul.
I don't know.
(LAUGHS)
Snap. Pop goes the weasel.
So happy!
(GASPS)
Yeah!
(SHOUTS)
(WHOOPING)
(GRUNTING)
Yeah!
I believe in magic!
(GASPS)
WOMAN: No way!
I'm sorry it didn't
work out. dear.
It's fine. Ma.
Hey. Dad. why don't we
check for matches?
Yes.
Yeah. I don't think so.
sweetheart. I think
I'm just gonna turn in.
(SIGHS)
Well. how about something
special for lunch tomorrow
to cheer you up?
I don't think so. Ma.
It's fine.
(SIGHS)
If something's gonna work.
it would be the sloppy joe.
But that would probably...
You know.
You know. if you're
doing the sloppy joe.
do the sweet potato fries.
But it...
Whatever. you know.
Well done. Yeah.
(WEEKEND IN NEW ENGLAND
PLAYING)
♪ Last night. I waved goodbye
♪ Now. it seems years
♪ I'm back in the city
♪ Where nothing is clear
♪ But thoughts of me
holding you
♪ Bringing us near
♪ And tell me
♪ When will our eyes meet
♪ When can I touch you
♪ When will this strong
yearning end
♪ And when will
I hold you again
(CRYING)
(CLEARS THROAT)
Maya. Hey.
Dad. I'm so sorry.
It's okay.
There are other
fish in the sea.
You just gotta
keep looking.
And it doesn't
matter what you do.
Because once someone
takes the time to get
to know the real you.
all bets are off.
(BLOWS)
If it doesn't work out.
you'll always have us.
(SNIFFS)
I'm sorry. sweetie.
I popped my ears.
I didn't hear a word
you were saying.
You just have to...
Is that a tattoo?
I... Yeah. yeah. it is.
When did you get it?
I got it last night.
What is it?
It's the Loch Ness monster.
I don't drink.
♪ I feel brave and daring
♪ I feel my blood flow ♪
(PEOPLE CHATTERING)
(CLEARS THROAT)
Hey.
Hi.
That was
a little weird
the other night. huh?
Yeah. you know.
it had its moments.
Yeah.
Was one of them
when I tried to make
out with your purse?
You see. alcohol
instantly turns to
sugar in the blood.
And what happens is
the capillaries...
Yeah. look.
A lot of people...
Pretty much everybody.
you know. tends
to write me off.
And if you did. too.
believe me. I get it.
I just... I guess
what I'm asking
is that you don't.
Okay. You know.
I'm sorry. I've just...
I've gotta cash
my paycheck before
the bank closes. I'm...
No problem.
Maybe we could talk
later or something?
Yeah. sure. You could
just text me. or...
Okay.
Yeah.
I can do that.
You know. Paul.
everybody texts
these days.
I can't believe you
don't have a cell phone.
I'm not about all
this technology. Vijay.
I prefer face-to-face
interaction or a nice
handwritten sentiment.
300 bucks?
I dug myself into a really
deep hole with this girl.
you gotta help me. Please.
Paul. you've always
been a straight shooter.
so I'll tell you what.
Why don't you
take my daughter
Parisa's phone?
No. I can't do that.
No. no. no. no. no. no.
I'm punishing her.
No. What with all
the parties and that
ex-boyfriend Pahud.
she went over
her minutes.
When and if she
decides to turn
her life around.
I'll simply
take it back.
Until then.
you use it.
Thanks.
Sure.
Stay within the minutes.
Of course.
Hey. It's too late to
go in that way. guys.
It's closed.
No one's going in there.
Yeah. I think we are.
(GRUNTS)
Hey. yo. Paul.
Come here. man.
Look. I know
you been feeling down.
so I got this for you.
"The Devil's Crotch."
Feel the burn. baby.
Thanks. Leon.
Get back at me. man.
Loading dock's ready.
Got it.
Yeah.
(CHUCKLING)
You need a pen.
don't you?
You know what?
No. I'm good.
I'll just use
one of their pens.
Yeah. you do.
(HUMMING)
Yes. The Summit
5280 fountain.
That's stunning.
Yeah. I know.
How would you like
to sign your name
with this panther?
(GROWLS)
You know what?
More than anything.
Yeah. that'd be great.
Here. Yeah.
It's yours. I insist.
(SHUSHING)
Oh. hey. guys.
Hey.
Don't you just
love Fridays?
Yeah.
Best night of the week.
Excuse me. Sorry.
Hey.
Paul. Paul. can
you help me out?
I need to shoot
over to the bank
for a minute.
There's a few kids
inside. just finishing
up their games.
Could you close up
the arcade for me?
Yeah. sure.
No problem. Mr. Ferguson.
Okay.
You okay?
You seem a little down.
Yeah. I'm fine.
You know. video game
might cheer you right up.
Nah. I'm on duty.
(VIDEO GAME THEME MUSIC PLAYS)
ELECTRONIC VOICE:
Welcome to the games!
(CHEERING)
Get set.
Go.
WOMAN: Foul. Foul.
Foul. Foul.
(GRUNTS)
Foul. Foul. Foul. Foul.
Game over.
(WHEEZES)
We are ready.
(VIDEO GAME BEEPING)
(CHEERING)
(DETROIT ROCK CITY PLAYING)
Let's do this.
♪ I feel uptight
on a Saturday night
Attention shoppers.
Please make your way
to the nearest exits.
Unfortunately. the mall
will be closing early.
♪ ...and it pulls me through
Everybody out!
♪ ...tells me
what I got to do
MAN: Everybody out. now!
(PEOPLE SHOUTING)
You. too!
♪ ...Detroit Rock City
♪ Get up
♪ Everybody's gonna
move their feet
♪ Get down
♪ Everybody's gonna
leave their seat
♪ First I drink. then I smoke
Hi. Hey! Hey!
You got me...
(GRUNTS)
♪ I feel so good.
I'm so alive
♪ I'm so alive
♪ I hear my song
playin' on the radio
I'm at the West
Orange Pavilion Mall.
♪ Get up
♪ Everybody's gonna
move their feet ♪
Hey. yo. Hey. there's some
crazy-ass people trying
to take over the mall.
I'm out of here.
Everybody on the floor!
Tell them to bring SWAT.
There may be hostages.
What are you doing?
Get down.
Oh. my God.
(CHEERING)
Surprised? I know.
But here's the craziest part.
I'm the leader.
(SIRENS WAILING)
Reports are.
they're inside the bank
and they got hostages.
This is Sergeant Howard.
I need four units around
the back
to secure the perimeter.
See if we can
establish visual.
Report back to
me immediately.
Let's get all these
civilians out of here.
See if we can gain access
into the loading dock.
Go.
I'm on it.
94. move 'em out.
(PANTING)
CELL PHONE: ♪ The type
of girl you wanna chew
all of my bubble gum
♪ The type of girl you wanna
chew all of my bubble gum
♪ I'm the type of girl
you wanna take
to your mama... ♪
Hello?
Feeling alive?
I'm sorry?
Parisa.
She makes you feel
alive. doesn't she?
This must be Pahud.
Pahud. no.
I'm not with Parisa.
My name's Paul Blart.
Parisa's dad took
her cell phone away.
and he lent it to me.
Do not lie to me.
Paul Blart.
You are probably
sweating over her
right now.
I'm not lying.
I mean. I am sweaty.
but I'm not sweating
over anyone.
That woman is like
an angelic goddess
who only brings
goodness to this world.
(CHUCKLING)
Plus. she has some
crazy sexy feet.
(WHIMPERING)
Paul. the pain of this
breakup is far too much
for me to bear. man.
Pahud. no one can
blame you for being upset.
I mean. the holidays are
tough enough without adding
heartbreak to the mix.
Wow. Them's some
heavy words. Paul Blart.
Hey. life is heavy.
Indeed. Now.
you are at the mall. huh?
So why do you not head
over to Orange Julius.
call up my friend
Sameer Oh?
Tell him you
are now my homeboy.
He will hook you up.
Wait a second.
How'd you know I
was at the mall?
I track Parisa's
phone with GPS.
Don't you judge me.
Closing time already.
Okay. there are 223
stores in this mall.
Here is a list of the 15
that I need you to hit.
And 15 for you.
Okay.
Now this is the key
to retrieve the codes
from each store's
credit-card machine.
They change every day.
so make sure
that you bring
me back the codes
for today. Friday.
(GRUNTS)
Veck. six guys in
standard formation.
just like you said.
Perfect.
(BEEPING)
Bomb! Bomb! Bomb! Bomb!
And these little piggies
went all the way home.
Do it.
(GRUNTS)
Hmm.
Gary usually delivers the
leftovers to the Mission.
Hey. everyone.
A couple requests.
Kindly tie up
the person beside you.
keep your mouths shut.
give up your cell phones.
and as a general rule.
do as I say.
You do all these things...
Well. you'll be back
at home in no time.
Back to your
mediocre lives.
I don't have one.
Amy.
I was hoping that you
and I could have a whole
Bonnie-and-Clyde
thing going on.
You know. minus dying
in a hail of gunfire.
of course.
(CHUCKLING)
What do you say?
Go to hell.
Ouch.
Hey. Stewie. you don't
mind that I'm hitting on
your girlfriend. do you?
(CHUCKLING) What? No.
She's not my girlfriend.
But I specifically heard
you say that you two were
"basically together."
No. I didn't say
that we were together.
I said that
she's into leather.
Have at it. If you...
(PHONE RINGING)
God. you're an idiot.
Hello?
This is Sergeant Howard
of the West Orange
Police Department.
Who am I speaking with?
VECK: Oh. hi.
Yeah. well.
so here's the deal.
(DRILLS)
As you learned
the hard way.
I have motion sensors
by all the doors.
so if you wanna
enter my mall.
you might as well bring
at least six body bags.
(DRILLING)
He's drilling the safe.
and they have eyes on us.
See if we can tap into
the security cameras.
Now look. no one's gonna
try and enter the mall.
Is there anything you need?
Do you need any food?
Do you need any water?
(CHUCKLING)
Oh. man. This dude
doesn't deviate
from the book at all.
You know.
since you're asking.
I would love a Happy Meal.
you know. but...
Make sure the toy
is the sea monster.
'cause I already
have the dragon.
Okay. okay. now what
is it you really want?
Silence.
(HUMMING)
Hey. I'm sorry.
mall's closed.
but I can help you find
the nearest exit if you just
tell me where you parked.
(CLICKS)
Sweet mercy.
This is not happening.
this is not happening.
this is...
(PANTING) Oh. God.
All right. think.
Paul. think.
Now what are you
trained to do?
Nothing.
Detect. deter.
observe. report.
I gotta report it.
Reporting it.
Yo. we got a straggler.
It's a security guard.
What should we do?
I don't know.
Give up. I guess.
Guys. what is wrong
with you?
We stick to the plan.
We got a 911 operator
connecting us with
some guy named Paul Barth.
He says he's a security
officer in the mall.
Hey. Blart?
He's one of my guys.
Paul. this is
Sergeant Howard of West
Orange Police Department.
The mall has been
taken over. and
they have hostages.
I need you to exit
the building immediately.
We don't need
any wild cards
in this situation.
(CHUCKLING) Copy that.
Never been a wild card.
Unless you consider
the game of Uno wild.
(LAUGHING)
Blart! Can we
focus here. please?
Yes. Yes. sir.
On my way out.
Okay. okay. Come on.
don't die. Don't die.
Blart.
Don't pee. Don't pee.
(BEEPING)
Guys. motion detector
just went off at Door 26.
Everybody on it.
(PAUL PANTS)
Amy.
What the hell is
he doing? Come on!
Paul. come on!
Paulie. come on!
OFFICER 1:
What's he doing?
HOWARD: Come on. Blart!
BROOKS: Blart. come on!
OFFICER 2:
Let's go! Move it!
BROOKS: Come on! Come on!
OFFICER 3:
Get out of there!
HOWARD: Come on!
(CRIES)
Is he crying?
I can't leave her.
OFFICER 4:
Where's he going?
Blart!
OFFICER 5:
Where's he going?
Blart. get back!
Will you talk
to him. please?
Blart. this is Brooks.
What's going on?
Sir. I took a sworn oath
to protect this mall
and all inside it.
What oath?
We don't have an oath.
I sort of made up my own.
It's on a plaque in my room.
(STAMMERING)
Listen. I think you're
making a big mistake.
SWAT's on the way.
And I'm not gonna
sugarcoat it.
you're untrained.
you're unarmed.
and let's face it. son.
you present a huge target.
With all due respect. sir.
I can't observe and report
from the outside.
Over.
Well. Sergeant.
looks like you got
your eyes on the inside.
Amy. Paul Blart here.
Are you still
in the mall?
Send.
(CELL PHONE VIBRATING)
Got him.
(MAN WHISTLING)
(GRUNTS)
Oh. my God. Oh. God.
Think. Think. Think.
think. think. think.
think. think. think! Think!
(GRUNTING)
(PAUL PANTING)
Hold it together.
Heart of a warrior.
(STOMACH GROWLING)
I missed lunch.
(STOMACH RUMBLING)
Thank you.
(STOMACH GROWLS)
This isn't happening.
this is not happening.
Hey! Don't make this hard.
(GRUNTS)
You like that?
(PANTING)
(GRUNTING)
(SCREAMING)
(PANTING)
PAUL: Brooks. I took out
a girl. but the guy.
he ran away.
Wow. Paul. you got one.
Yes.
But let the record show.
I did not hit a woman.
I just...
I put all my weight on her.
Oh. Paul.
No. no. no.
She's fine. she's fine.
Well. good. let's
get you out of there.
No can do. sir.
I am gonna finish
what I started.
What the heck is this?
Give me that.
Paul. this is
Sergeant Howard again.
Since you refuse to
come out. I'm gonna need
you to go into the bank
and find out where they're
holding the hostages.
With honor. sir.
Good to know.
(GRUNTS)
(GRUNTING)
Hey. I haven't heard back
from Donner or Vixen.
Okay. I'm calling
an audible here.
everyone.
And I need to get
this mall locked down
from the inside immediately.
Why don't we just
start wasting hostages?
That'll stop them.
Well. that's one way
to go. but our hostages
are the only thing
keeping the cops outside.
(SIREN WAILS)
I'm Commander Kent.
My team is deploying.
I need this
location secured.
We got a three-block
perimeter...
Establish a perimeter
and get all these
people out of here.
Whoa. whoa. this is
all done already.
My men are gonna do it
again. the right way.
Have your guys fall
back. now. Have there
been any demands?
A Happy Meal and
absolute silence.
Well. let's make
some noise.
I got snipers at the ready.
communications in check.
Let's tap into security now.
and let's get some visuals.
You can't.
They knocked out
the video cameras.
I'll be ready to take
on-scene command in
three. two. one.
I'm in charge.
Brooks. I'm observing
the bank now.
They got one assailant
guarding the hostages.
There she is.
My. God.
You are my angel pie.
Here come
the love sweats.
Paul. your radio's
still on.
Roger that.
What's going on?
Who is that?
We got a guy
on the inside.
Don't tell me one
of your beat cops is
trying to be a hero.
No. he's neither.
His name is Blart.
He's one of my
security guards.
Wait a minute. Blart?
Yeah.
Paul Blart?
Are you kidding me? We used
to abuse that loser in
high school. Give me that.
Blart. This is
Commander James Kent.
New Jersey SWAT.
We went to high
school together.
Remember?
I set you on fire at
the pancake festival?
Oh. yeah. Hey. Jimmy.
Go Green Hawks.
Yeah. listen. I've got
50 highly trained. armed
professionals out here.
At my command.
we are retaking
this location.
and there's no way I'm
compromising this mission
so that some mall monitor
who used to eat lunch
with his imaginary
friend can screw it up.
Sorry. Jimmy.
I had the button pressed.
All I heard was
"lunch" and "friend."
Could you do me a favor
and put Chief Brooks back on?
Listen to me. Blart.
you are no longer
communicating with
Chief Brooks.
Is that clear?
(STATIC BUZZES)
Hello?
(CELL PHONE RINGING)
Yeah? Oh. hey. Paul.
how you doing?
Well. it looks like
they moved the hostages
into the teller area.
I'm gonna get
a closer look.
Veck.
PRANCER: There he is!
Everyone in
the back room. now!
COMET: Come on. move. move!
Let's get in the back. huh?
(PANTING) Brooks.
I lost visual
on the hostages.
I couldn't get them out.
But I know who the
leader is. It's Veck.
Veck? The trainee?
No. The brainee.
I don't believe this.
I'll pass it on to Howard.
(PANTING)
(GRUNTING)
Oh. God.
Trapped is fine by me.
AUTOMATED VOICE:
Commence tanning.
Three. two. one.
(SPITTING)
(YELLING)
(SCREAMS)
(EXCLAIMS)
Yeah!
Yes!
(GUN FIRING)
Time for some
big-game hunting.
(TOY SQUEAKING)
(GRUNTING)
(GROANING)
Open. open. open!
Thank God.
(PANTING) Oh. no.
(YELLING)
Sir! Sir! Sir!
We get it!
(GRUNTS)
Get him! Get him! Get him!
You better run.
Rudolph. where are you?
RUDOLPH: I'm about
to end this.
(GRUNTS)
(GRUNTING)
(PAUL GROANING)
Amy. huh?
What a coincidence.
We got a cute little
redhead down at the bank
named Amy.
Strawberry blonde.
actually.
Yeah?
Well. I guess I know
who I'm killing first.
Catch you later!
Yeah? Well. it looks like
you just ran out of mall.
It'll be over quick.
She won't feel a thing.
(GRUNTS)
(YELLING)
(BOTH SCREAMING)
(GRUNTS)
(PANTS)
You aren't gonna touch her.
but you are gonna feel this.
(GRUNTS)
(GROANS)
Nobody wins
with a head butt.
(BEEPING)
Give me your cell phone.
I don't have one.
What are you talking about?
Every kid has a cell phone.
I prefer handwritten
sentiments.
Who are these
sloppy joes for?
And who gave you this?
They're mine.
I'm late for my shift
at Foot Locker.
(RADIO CHATTERING)
We're getting
the leader on the horn.
He wants to talk to you.
Silence. my ass.
What's the matter?
Throw a few jabs your way.
you curl up in a corner.
suck your thumb?
If you don't go
toe-to-toe
with that scumbag.
he's gonna roll over
on you all night long.
It's all right.
That's not my style.
Well. just in case.
I wrote down a couple of
clever comebacks. like...
Here.
This is what
you been doing?
Mmm-hmm.
"Yeah. you and what army?"
What's wrong with that?
He has an army.
Everyone deserves a card
on their birthday.
(YELLING)
So when you and Rudolph
were laughing it up
back at the crib
about how easy all
this was gonna be.
were you guys like.
"Man. any brain-dead
mall cop that gets in the
way is gonna get smoked"?
And then... And then what?
You guys all high-fived?
Veck. this guard is...
Winning! I know this.
because I am all set!
But sadly. no codes!
And I'd say. considering
all the luxury items
that I have stacked up
in my Amazon shopping cart.
situation unacceptable!
No. no. no. no. no. no.
He looking.
Give me a gun.
(GUN CLICKS)
Put it down.
What are you
nodding about?
I was just wondering.
were you serious
about that Happy Meal?
It isn't coming. is it?
(PHONE RINGING)
What?
This is Commander
James Kent.
New Jersey SWAT.
You wanted to speak to me?
I just wanna make sure that
no one does anything stupid.
You should know my men are
deployed and ready to bring
this thing to a resolution.
The easy way
or the hard way.
That is such
a tough call. but...
Yeah. I'm gonna go
ahead and go with C.
none of the above!
I'm Amy. by the way.
Amy? From unbeWEAVEable?
Yeah.
I'm Maya.
My father talked
forever about you.
And I gotta say.
he really does like you.
I'm gonna throw up.
(GROANING)
Oh. that's not so bad.
(CELL PHONE RINGS)
PAUL: Oh. my God.
They've got his daughter.
Dad?
Maya.
Everything's gonna be okay.
How's your blood sugar?
Don't worry about me. okay?
I'm worried about you.
I love you.
All right. now.
I'm gonna get you all out.
You just hang in there.
okay. sweetie?
I will.
I'm a Blart. remember?
Yeah. I'll see you soon.
VECK: I'm supposed to be
on my way to the Cayman
Islands with the hostages.
And where the hell
is Rudolph? He should
be back by now.
(PAUL WHISTLES)
(YELLING)
"If Veck gets the codes.
he's taking us
to Cayman Islands"?
Well. Veck Sims.
welcome to the show.
Come and get me. Veck.
I got your codes for
the credit-card machines.
Yo. you hear that?
That's Paul. baby!
(CHUCKLING) Blart?
That's who's been
screwing all this up?
You have got
to be kidding me.
Give me a radio.
Let me tell you something.
You take hostages in my mall.
you are making a big mistake.
You seriously undermissed...
(QUAVERING)
And you seriously...
Oh. no!
(MUMBLING)
Blart?
Sugar. Sugar.
VECK: Blart?
You there. Blart?
Hello. Blart. You there?
(GRUNTING)
VECK: Hey. Blart!
I was hoping we could
get an ETA of when
you're gonna give up.
How about now?
I'll meet you on
the corner of Ne and Ver.
Yeah. you heard me. Never!
All right. Dad.
(LAUGHS)
Hey. fellas!
You looking for me?
Come on. Come on.
come on. Come on.
Follow me.
BLITZEN: There he is.
We got him trapped
in Rainforest Cafe.
Great. Wait for me.
You know.
my mom always said.
"If you want
something done right.
waste the guy yourself."
I'm paraphrasing.
of course.
You stay here.
Prancer. take the back.
(GROWLS)
(TRUMPETING)
(BEEPING)
(GRUNTS)
Hey. you.
Scuba Dooby-Doo.
(GRUNTS)
Hey. hey. hey. hey. hey.
Can I have my
codes now. please?
Why? No codes.
no Cayman Islands?
Looks like Paul Blart
turned into quite the
badass.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
Relax.
(HISSING)
No.
One thing I know
is Paul Blart
is not a badass.
(GRUNTS)
Comet! Don't come
back till he's dead!
Brooks.
Only one more left.
Then it's just
me and Veck.
(GASPS)
Okay. who's talking
to Blart?
Was it you. sugar mouth?
All right.
Let's try this again.
Wait! No. no. no!
No. no. no. no. no!
It's her phone. it's hers.
She's talking to him.
and I told her not to.
And it's under her leg.
The phone. Her right leg.
Right there. That's good.
(PANTING)
Okay.
That was close.
He is a pro.
Listen. Blart. time's up.
We're busting in.
Wait! Look. Veck's after
the credit-card codes.
and I got them.
Just give me
a few minutes.
No problem.
(CHUCKLES)
(MUSIC PLAYING)
Isn't that cute?
(YELLING)
(GROANS)
CELL PHONE:
♪ The type of girl you wanna
chew all of my bubble gum
chew all of my... ♪
Hey. Amy. I'm on my way.
VECK: Oh. hey. Blart.
Wow. Our boy Stuart
just turned me
on to your profile
on lonelyloser.com.
"Likes morning rain.
walks on the beach."
Who are you.
Olivia Newton-John?
I was just speaking
from the heart.
Yeah. well. I didn't
have to go online. Paul.
to know that you
love peanut brittle.
You're so pathetic.
Trippy.
This I can use.
What do you want. Veck?
I just want the $30 million
that I came here for.
But. you know.
I would settle offing
your dream girl.
or maybe your daughter.
You touch them.
I swear I'll end you.
What're you gonna do. Paul?
You gonna pull up with your
left hip forward giving the
illusion that you have a gun.
which you and I
both know you don't?
I could.
You're not gonna do squat.
The next time
I see you. Paul.
I'm gonna put a bullet
in your head.
I don't think so.
I'm taking you down.
Blart!
(GUN FIRING)
Oh. Blart.
(PANTING)
Sweet mercy.
(GRUNTING)
(GRUNTS)
(PANTING)
(GROANING)
I wish I had a bat.
I would bust you open.
see how much candy fell out.
Too tight!
This is not happening.
It's not happening.
Come on.
(GROANS)
(SCREAMING)
(GRUNTS)
(GROANS)
(WHIMPERING)
(PAUL GROANING)
(GRUNTING)
Bravo. That was awesome.
And you were just so close
to making it. too. Paul.
Just so close.
It's not over yet.
Yeah. I think it is.
Now the only thing
I need are my codes.
which. judging from
your text messages.
you have been so sweet
as to enter them into
your phone just for me.
(CHUCKLES)
You think I'm gonna carry
the phone with me that
actually contains the...
CELL PHONE: ♪ The type
of girl you wanna chew
all of my bubble gum
♪ The type of girl
you wanna chew
all of my bubble gum
♪ I'm the type of girl
you wanna take to
your mama... ♪
Yello?
Peanut Blart and Jelly.
What's up. man?
So good to hear
your voice.
Yeah. it's good to hear
your voice. too. Pahud.
Listen. I'm gonna
have to call you back.
What? When?
I don't know when.
I'll talk to you later.
Okay. Paul. call me back!
Call me back. Paul!
(CHUCKLES)
I mean. this just keeps
getting better and better.
I mean. you are impossible
to underestimate.
I mean. you can't pass
the trooper exam.
you black out if you don't
have a Snickers bar
like every 20 minutes.
you had the chance
to be the MVP.
and you blew it.
Again. like you always do.
Ain't that right. Maya?
What do you want
me to say. Veck?
You're smarter than me.
You're good on computers.
you kept your weight
under control.
I mean. people.
they look at me
and you. and...
Yeah. it's a landslide.
It's no contest.
Sorry.
Right now. you're
the man with the gun.
So here you go.
(GROANS)
(SCREAMING)
LEON: Come on!
Go get him!
Go. Dad.
What...
(GRUNTS)
(SIGHS)
Probably should have
capitalized on that.
Dad!
Lock and load. boys.
We're going in.
Hey. we're on the move.
Let's go.
(BEEPING)
Come on. come on. come on.
(GRUNTS)
Paul. Think. Paul. Think!
Let's go. men.
Take it down.
Secure the suspects.
(MEN SHOUTING)
POLICE OFFICER: Get down!
(GUNS FIRING)
Hold your fire!
Down. The other one.
That's the back one.
No. no.
That's the same one. No!
The other one!
Veck got away with
my daughter and Amy.
Entry team. clear the mall.
We'll pursue.
Light.
Open the door.
Let's do this.
Jimmy. give me
your cell phone.
Gotta hand it to you. Blart.
You're really taking
care of business.
(CELL PHONE RINGING)
What up?
Pahud. do you still have GPS
on Parisa's cell phone?
You know I do. Paul.
You know I do.
What can I do for you?
I need to know
where it's headed.
Paul. it looks like
they're on their way
to McGuire Airfield.
I know where that is.
Thanks.
Hang on.
My God. There they are.
Jimmy. take the wheel.
What?
(BOTH GRUNTING)
PAUL: Here we go!
Here we go!
That was me. I can't...
(GRUNTING)
Here I go! No!
(GRUNTS)
Blart!
Don't do it! Blart!
(PANTING)
(GRUNTING)
(GRUNTS)
Oh. God. Oh. God.
(PAUL YELLS)
Maya! Maya. get inside.
AMY: Oh. God!
Dad!
AMY: Paul?
(BOTH GRUNTING)
Huh?
Hmm.
I really don't drink.
(GRUNTING)
Come on. Oh. yeah?
Dad!
Come on.
(VECK LAUGHING)
Man. that hypoglycemia
is a killer.
(GRUNTING)
I told you
I'd take you down.
KENT: Blart!
(CHUCKLING)
Very impressive. taking down
an assailant without a gun.
I hope you don't
mind if I use one.
What?
(CHUCKLING)
Oh. no.
Oh. yeah.
I guess it's off to
the Cayman Islands
then. huh?
Soon as I get my money.
Yeah. well.
you'll be needing this.
Just give it to him. Dad.
Oh. I will.
Suck on that!
Okay. Situation update?
SWAT LIEUTENANT:
We have seven assailants
in custody. sir.
Great. Nobody talks
to them but me.
Yes. sir.
You see. jackass?
I don't need the phone.
'Cause I got all
the access codes
written on their arm.
Now. I kill you three.
there'll be no witnesses.
And since everybody thinks
this was a bank...
(GUN FIRES)
(SIREN WAILING)
I got a newsflash for you.
Your flight's been canceled.
That's better
than anything I got.
(I CAN'T HOLD BACK PLAYING)
You did good. Dad.
Yeah. I am pretty great.
You know. she doesn't
need a green card.
♪ Turn the pages of desire
♪ Now it's time
to trade those dreams
♪ For the rush
of passion's fire
♪ I can feel you
tremble when we touch
♪ And I feel the hand of fate
♪ Reaching out to both of us
♪ I've been holding
back the night
♪ I've been searching
for a clue from you
I don't know what to say.
I have something
I want to say to you.
Happy birthday. Amy.
♪ Can ya feel me tremble
when we touch
♪ Can ya feel the hand of fate
♪ Reaching out to both of us
♪ This love affair can't wait
♪ I can't hold back.
I'm on the edge
♪ I can't hold back
♪ I can't hold back.
I won't back down
I heard you applied
to be a state trooper.
You say the word.
my department would
be proud to have you.
Thank you. sir.
But I think I'm gonna
stick with what I do best.
It's protecting
the people of the West
Orange Pavilion Mall.
♪ I can't hold back ♪
(THINK I'M IN LOVE PLAYING)
♪ Ooh. something's
got a hold on me now
♪ It's a feelin'.
burnin' like a lover on fire
♪ Hold me tight. baby
♪ Don't leave me
by myself tonight
♪ 'Cause I don't think
I can make it through
the night
♪ I think I'm in love
♪ And my life's lookin' up
♪ 'Cause I can't get enough
♪ No. no. no
♪ I think I'm in love
♪ It's gotta be love
♪ It surrounds me
♪ Movin' like a sea of madness
♪ It controls me
♪ Makes me do all the things
that I do for you
♪ Blow my mind. babe
♪ Thinkin' about you now
♪ And I don't know
if I'll make it through
the night
♪ I think I'm in love
♪ And my life's lookin' up
♪ 'Cause I can't get enough
♪ No. no. no
♪ I think I'm in love
♪ It's gotta be love
♪ No. no. no
♪ I think I'm in love
♪ Baby. how you do it
♪ There must be
somethin' to it
♪ Babe I know
it's gotta be love
♪ I think I'm in love
♪ Oh. with magic in your hand
♪ You made me understand
♪ I know.
I know it's gotta be love
♪ It's gotta be love
♪ Love
♪ And my life's lookin' up
♪ I think I'm in love ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm